Update frontispiece (#652)
OWASP/wstg: document/1-Frontispiece/README.md

## Welcome

> > As we work towards a largely re-written and re-imagined 5.0 release, this point release brings: Format standardization, objectives for each scenario, merged sections, new scenarios on modern topics (SSRF, GraphQL, etc), and numerous other changes.

Reviewer: I'm not sure it makes sense to say that it's a point release, but leave out which one it is.

```suggestion
> As we focus on incremental improvement, this release introduces numerous updates. We've standardized article formats to create a better reading experience, added objectives for each testing scenario, merged sections, and added new scenarios on modern testing topics.
```
